README.md, before:

# Calculator

Author: Joseph Bakes (22nd May, 2021)

## Description

A calculator webpage as part of The Odin Project Foundations course.

### Things I've learned/practised:
- How to use unicode symbols in HTML and Javascript
- This is the first time I've actually used a `grid` display
- Learned how to adapt text size/length to available width (using `window.getComputedStyle()`)
- [Will soon learn about] handling large numbers in Javascript
- Learned/practised how to handle keyboard input

### Things to add/improve:


## TODO (updated 25th May, 2021)
- Rework decimal point function
    - Typing *n*.0 results in the 0 and decimal point being deleted.
    - Also see problems with backspace function (below), since these are interrelated.
- Rework backspace function (or display value function) to handle unintended interactions, e.g.
    - Deleting the last digit on the display results in "NaN".
    - Pending decimals currently can't be deleted.
    - If the first digit after a decimal is deleted, the decimal point is also deleted.
- Rework display overflow handling
    - long, small numbers (e.g., 1.234567890123456) should just be rounded to the maximum precision that fits the display, instead of displaying as an exponential. Specifically, if the integer part of the number can be shown in the display, the number should just be rounded appropriately; exponentials should only be used when the integer part of the number overflows.
- Handle division by zero
    - Fun option: "Okay, we're taking away zero privileges" -> hide zero button temporarily(?)
    - Sensible option: "ERR: Can't divide by zero"
- Handle large values (research MAX_VALUE vs MAX_SAFE_INTEGER)
- Improve float precision(?) 
- Improve appearance
- Add a hidden button to rotate the calculator(?)

Commit message:

Multiple bug fixes and improvements. Overhaul of displayed value handling to bugs related to decimal points, trailing zeros, and backspace function. Added error messages. Added a plus/minus button.

README.md, after:

# Calculator

Author: Joseph Bakes (22nd May, 2021)

## Description

A calculator webpage as part of The Odin Project Foundations course.

### Things I've learned/practised:
- How to use unicode symbols in HTML and Javascript
- This is the first time I've actually used a `grid` display
- Learned how to adapt text size/length to available width (using `window.getComputedStyle()`)
- [Will soon learn about] handling large numbers in Javascript
- Learned/practised how to handle keyboard input

### Things to add/improve:
- Visual feedback for keyboard presses that mimics the `active` state of the buttons during mouse clicks.
    - I tried doing this by toggling a pseudo-class on `keydown` and `keyup` with the same style as `:active`. The only problem with this was a bug when holding down a keyboard key and clicking the mouse anywhere on the screen at the same time, which seemed to lock the button in an `active` state. I guess this is because holding the key down kept the button going in-and-out of `focus`, so when the mouse was clicked, it was possible to trigger the `mousedown` event but miss the `mouseup` event.

## "Patch notes" (26th May, 2021)
- Reworked representation of currently displayed value to fix bugs relating to decimal points and backspace function.
    - Typing n.0 no longer causes issues.
    - Deleting the last digit on the display no longer results in "NaN" being shown.
    - Hanging decimal points can now be deleted.
    - The first digit after the decimal point can now be deleted with deleting the decimal point itself.
- Fixed bug of mouse clicks on buttons interfering with keyboard input by removing focus after clicks.
- Fixed display overflow handling to only show exponential format when the integer part was too large for the display (learned that `toPrecision()` does this automatically)
- Stopped backspace functioning on the results of calculations.
- Added an error message for dividing by zero.
- Added a plus/minus (toggle sign) button.

## TODO (updated 26th May, 2021)
- Add an "ongoing calculation" span at the top of display to show pendingValue and pendingOperator.
- Handle `Infinity` (`> Number.MAX_VALUE`)
- Improve appearance
- Add a hidden button to rotate the calculator(?)
